On Screen - When a user approaches Glass+ a login screen
will appear. This screen allows a user to choose among 3 options:
Choose an existing user account, register a new user, or
continue with a guest account.

Login Screen - When a user selects a pre-extisting account
they are taken to the user login screen. The only present
UI elements on this screen are the chosen users tile, a 
keypad to enter in the user's entry pin and a log in button
to log into the user account once the pin has been entered.

Home Screen - The Home Screen appears once a user has been 
selected and their corresponding pin entered. It offers a
multitude of docked features. Starting at the top left corner
of the interface is a weather widget displaying the current
temperature and an illustration of weather conditions. A 
greeting followed by the chosen user's name is displayed in the
top center of the display, followed by a Clock widget in the
top right corner which shows the current time and date. On
the bottom left is the settings menu represented by a small 
gear icon. The bottom center of the display allows the user
to access the many different info screens available in Glass+
which include, Plan, News, Health, Social, and Media. To the 
right of that in the corner is a personalized user icon which
can be changed.

Alerts - If the user has any unseen notifications they will
appear in the center of the Glass+ interface in the form of
the Alerts window. They can tap on an alert to be taken to 
that alert's corresponding info screen or the user can tap
the x icon in the top right corner to dismiss their alerts
and have the alerts window disappear.

Detailed Weather - Upon tapping anywhere on the weather 
widget a detailed weather menu will appear. This menu will
display a more detailed daily forecast as well as a weekly
forecast that has selectable days to display more detailed
information for each individual day in the week.

Calender - Upon tapping anywhere on the clock widget a 
calender will appear highlighting the current date and 
displaying the days for the rest of the month. Weekends and
holidays are highlighted with red text.

Plan Menu - 